Hello
This is impossible
You must have stolen it
It must have been stolen.
Mr. Xu, you sold me this phone number.
Why did you call this poor guy?
Oh, I spent so much money.
You help him earn this
Eyeless thing
This is the real ancient god of Yuncheng
Mr. Chen, the instructions you gave me last time
Made me transfer another 30 million
Hey, hey, today, sir, the audience is free of charge.
Xu Run
Explain it
Mr. Chen, you are disturbing the staff.
Don't be afraid.
As long as you study hard
You are really the stock that made hundreds of millions in three days
God didn't expect it to be our classmate
Say no more.
Dear students
I still want to socialize
Hey, you are poor.
Ride the Wind
I just didn't know Tarzan
I didn't expect your career to be so big
Let's be classmates
You have the opportunity to make money. Take us with you.
Yes, ride the wind
If you are really so good, give some to your classmates
You can't be so stingy, can you?
Ah, yeah.
Weren't they all still digging at the dust just now?
Why have they changed their faces one by one now?
I think the significance of the reunion
It is about strengthening the relationship between our classmates
If we only talk about money
It's so boring
Such a reunion
Not participating